Add LOG015 to detect use of the root logger (#96)
adamchainz/flake8-logging: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

> 1.6.0 (2024-03-20)
> ------------------
> 

Reviewer: added at release time

```suggestion
```

> * Add rule LOG015 that detects logger calls directly on the root logger ``logging``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add rule LOG015 that detects use of the root logger through calls like ``logging.info()``.
```
